### Finances

- **Cost Structure:** This describes the most important monetary consequences while operating under different business models. A company's DOC.
  - **Classes of Business Structures:**
    - **Cost-Driven** - This business model focuses on minimizing all costs and having no frills. e.g. SouthWest
    - **Value-Driven** - Less concerned with cost, this business model focuses on creating value for their products and services. e.g. Louis Vuitton, Rolex
  - **Characteristics of Cost Structures:**
    - **Fixed Costs** - Costs are unchanged across different applications. e.g. salary, rent
    - **Variable Costs** - These costs vary depending on the amount of production of goods or services. e.g. music festivals
    - **Economies of Scale** - Costs go down as the amount of good are ordered or produced.
    - **Economies of Scope** - Costs go down due to incorporating other businesses which have a direct relation to the original product.
  - **Revenue Streams:** The way a company makes income from each customer segment. Several ways to generate a revenue stream:
    - **Asset Sale** - (the most common type) Selling ownership rights to a physical good. e.g. Wal-Mar
    - **Usage Fee** - Money generated from the use of a particular service e.g. UPS
    - **Subscription Fees** - Revenue generated by selling a continuous service. e.g. Netflix
    - **Lending/Leasing/Renting** - Giving exclusive right to an asset for a particular period of time. e.g. Leasing a Car
    - **Licensing** - Revenue generated from charging for the use of a protected intellectual property.
    - **Brokerage Fees** - Revenue generated from an intermediate service between 2 parties. e.g. Broker selling a house for commission
    - **Advertising** - Revenue generated from charging fees for product advertising.
    